refactor(core)!: App::run_iteration improvements (#8696)
tauri-apps/tauri: examples/run-iteration/README.md

> # Hello World Example
> 
> To execute run the following on the root directory of the repository: `cargo run --example helloworld`.

Reviewer: in case this example stays:
```suggestion
# Run Iteration Example

To execute run the following on the root directory of the repository: `cargo run --example run-iteration`.
```
